19-08
Today I revised the topic
1. Getting Started
2. CSS Styling 
3. Optimizing Font and Images
4. Creating layout and pages
5. Navigating between pages

20-08
Today I revised the topic 
6. Setting up your database 
    In which revisited my seed/route.ts and learned how to seed the table if it doesn't already exist 
    I seeded my own table named as abc in which i inserted the id name password and address and colums of it 
    I feel good after learning it as it gives me the hope of using my full potential
    
21-08
Today we revised the topic
7.Data Fetching
    In this we saw how the sql queries are written in lib/data.ts and how they are exported 
    we also learned how the data is fetched onto the front end with map function
    we learned different ways to fetch the data 
    Today we saw how the dashboard page data is fetched and also revised about request waterfall

22-08
Today we revised the topic
8. Static and Dynamic rendering 
    In this we regained the know of how the data can be fetched only when requested from the user side and to reduce the load on the server as well as to improve the accesibility as it can be needed incase of continous loading dashboard

23-08
Today we revised the topic
9. Streaming
    In this chapter we again got through how the suspense element work and how you can insert the element when the async function is getting completed fetching the data
    we also learned how we can fetch different component according to their fetching time meaning some component can load first and other late as they take some time to load due to the data
10. PPR 
    In this topic there was not much to revise anything much as its a rolling feature of next14

24-08 
Today we revised the topic
11. Adding Pagination and Search
    In this we learned how the url path can be used to search for query and how its much user friendly to share the exact search url
    we also revised how the pagenation works previously we didn't uncomment the pagenation component but now its all good and working

25-08
Today we revised the topic
12. Mutating data 
    In this we got to know how to validate the data in the form and how to validate it from client side (with `required` tag) and by server side(Server side actions) however for a small application like ours the server side validation is not necessary but a good practise to keep our server save from DDos attacks

26-08
Today we revised the topic
13. Handling Errors
    In this we look how the error.tsx and not-found.tsx works in certain error situation it was fairly easy to implement and understand
14. Improving accessibility
    In this as usual we revised how to improve the accessibility of users and how to speed up the development by Handling the error in the run time
16.Adding Metadata
    In this we revised what are the different type of metadata and how we can set the metadata for each of our page to make our website seo friendly and this is by far makes the next14 framework the best to work with

27-08
Today we revised the topic
15.Authentication
    In this we revised how to redirect a user if they're already logged in 
    we also revised how to protect our route if the user is not logged into our web app